hello and what's going on guys am I
jordan b 14 0 9 and stings be showing
you how you can use the mystery box
using Leroy Leroy has proven in the last
three days that should be a really great
use in this newberry dlc zombies map not
it didn't really come out in the first
day but yesterday and today really
instead see these uses so what we can do
believe right now is even use him to
move the mystery box so what you'll need
to do is go to a place where the mystery
box isn't so dudes be like a teddy bear
and a few boxes and just want to turn
them around i don't think you that's
necessary but I turn them around so we
have some back towards a mystery box
then you give him candy and then he
would go to the mystery box and think
for a second and then he will go run off
and get the mystery box from wherever
the current location it's in and then it
will bring him back to you and it will
place it down and you can use the
mystery box there so this is actually
really useful as say like you have the
mystery box in you want it in a certain
place for maybe reap cleaning around
there and it's good tuck box there
instead of all the way across them up
and you could have it there and that's
really useful and so the yet really rise
proven really useful if you want to know
where the candy is it is in this like a
shop with candy in it Mr sweet sniffing
so you should be able to get it from
there nice and visa it will always be
there and it's not there then you go to
the till and you should be able to buy
for a thousand but see here now he's
climbing up and it's just going to
mystery box in his hand and he's
carrying it along cobbling along and he
will place it down and you can use the
mystery box so there you have it guys I
hope you enjoyed the video but your
smash that like button if you can get a
hundred lights that be greatly
appreciated sure let's push your
formerly write in the comment section
below would be great to hear what you
think of him and yeah in the names put
your class to balance but anyways guys
being so much watching be sure to press
that subscribe button you haven't
already for the best black ops 2 dlc
glitches tricks and tips i've already
done like six videos in two days that's
really great anyways guys thanks so much
watching you can press the video on
screen and you can go watch my previous
video but anyways thank you for watching
and I see you guys next time
your eyes I
three week